Note that feature flag not required for external process detection (#24454)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_8.adoc

* link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/JavaExec.html#getJvmArguments--[`JavaExec.getJvmArguments()`]
* link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/process/JavaExecSpec.html#getJvmArguments--[`JavaExecSpec.getJvmArguments()`]

==== Using unsupported API to start external processes at configuration time is no longer allowed with the configuration cache enabled

> Since Gradle 7.5, using `Project.exec`, `Project.javaexec`, and standard Java and Groovy APIs to run external processes at the configuration time were considered an error only if the <<configuration_cache.adoc#config_cache:stable,feature preview `STABLE_CONFIGURATION_CACHE`>> was enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Gradle 7.5, using `Project.exec`, `Project.javaexec`, and standard Java and Groovy APIs to run external processes at configuration time has been considered an error only if the <<configuration_cache.adoc#config_cache:stable,feature preview `STABLE_CONFIGURATION_CACHE`>> was enabled.
```
